Take a better swing at class E (#75)
intarchboard/draft-use-it-or-lose-it: draft-iab-use-it-or-lose-it.md

Protocol identifiers or codepoints that are reserved for future use can be
especially problematic.  Reserving values without attributing semantics to their
use can result in diverse or conflicting semantics being attributed without any
hope of interoperability.  An example of this is the 224/3 "class E" address
space in IPv4 {{?RFC0988}}. This space was originally reserved in {{?RFC0791}}
without assigning any semantics and has since been partially reclaimed for use

> in multicast (224/4) or not successfully reclaimed for any purpose (240/4)

Reviewer: "or not" sounds weird here...

```suggestion
in multicast (224/4), but otherwise has not been successfully reclaimed for any purpose (240/4)
```
